hello did you know the 91% people on
earth owned a mobile phone of all those
people guess how many own a smartphone a
staggering 56% and while those people
are on their phones
80% of time is spent inside apps so what
does this mean to you as a restaurant
over communicating if your customer is
essential because in a growing market of
choice you need to stand out introducing
smart restaurants the customer simply
downloads your app to their phone then
they have full access to your restaurant
when they feel hungry they'll order your
food instantly you receive their order
then when it's ready you can deliver it
and your customer can rate for service
in return you reward them the special
offers and discounts meaning they'll
reorder the Commission free so you will
keep 100% of your profits happy
customers can spread the word on social
media to let your customer know they
won't need to queue anymore because your
app will allow them to reserve a table
or they can stay in and reorder past
orders your app can be fully customized
to your brand
and a customer can download your app
three App Store and the Play Store we
are smart restaurants